more laps to go this time seems like
Jimmy's a little better in 3 & 4 house a
little bit better than 1 & 2 that's kind
of way it looks to me yeah Johnson in
the 48 is not getting off turn 2 not
quite as good as Chavez Harvick now
third
but Darryl he may run out of time and
yes it needs to get the bathroom
side-by-side he may be right there
what's that gamble when I'm right there
Jimmy
he is I just looked at the 29 car and
while these two cars up here racing each
other hello and looking Jimmy down all
the way down on the apron can't get
alongside Kyle Busch yes he can
Johnson off the corner you know who's
gonna win this race as they run side by
side Harvick is there he's makes it a
three-car battle he's there there goes
Jimmy to the lead he's going to Claire
Kyle off the 2
they're going to get side-by-side going
down the back 33 now he got in the
corner way way way too hard and Harvick
takes second this is not over here he
comes at 33 cars on it boys a lap and a
half to go back over the bottom he's
even with Harvey even for seconds
they're all they're searching for grip
right now and drops back in line white
flag for Jimmie Johnson one lap to go
Harv's will have to make a big move
right down here
Harvick trying the outside of Johnson
he's got little minis trash got the
momentum right there that's been his
strong point that speed of carry all the
way down the back straightaway he's
gonna push him up into the corner faster
than he wants to go I think Kyle Busch's
five-car legs back he got him that
little push getting into three that
little bump
Harvick Johnson twitches lanes Johnson
can't get there Harvick wins it that was
a show right there could come from back
where he did and to get by those guys
that was a show